---
title: Calvin Bonner Design LLC
date: 2019 - Present
---

import { Ascii } from '@components/ascii';

<Ascii name="cbd" color="mauve" spaced />

I've been contracting in web and software development since 2008, starting with
small electronics repair and legacy software before gradually shifting toward
frontend development. In 2019, I formalized this work by founding Calvin Bonner
Design, LLC - a solo venture aimed at helping small, often family-run businesses
modernize their brand presence and digital tools. Over time, the company evolved
from brand and print design into website development, technical maintenance, and
recurring support for clients in industries like manufacturing, healthcare, and
local media.

My work has always been deeply hands-on. I handled everything from planning and
design to code, deployment, and long-term support - often learning tools and
technologies on the fly to meet a client's needs. Whether it was building a
custom site in WordPress or vanilla PHP, launching a marketing microsite with
Svelte, or retrofitting a small business's SEO strategy, every engagement pushed
me to grow and deliver real, lasting value for the people I worked with.

These days, Calvin Bonner Design mostly serves as the backend for my personal
contracting and consulting work - still active, but more focused, flexible, and
tied to the relationships I've built over the years.

## Legacy Systems and ERP Support

Before founding my business, a lot of my early experience came from working with
Epicor ERP systems. I helped clients upgrade company-wide versions, built custom
dashboards for sales and manufacturing teams, and created report layouts and
pipelines with tools like Crystal Reports and SSRS.

Outside of Epicor, I spent time in legacy codebases like Visual Basic and early
PHP. Most of that work involved fixing bugs and keeping old systems running, but
I also had the chance to build new tools that extended what was already there. I
supported internal tooling, rolled out new features where I could, and debugged
whatever I could.

## Brand and Digital Design

When I first started my business in 2019, I was feeling a little burned-out on
the legacy systems and database development, so I shifted my focus and branding
became my core offering. I collaborated with clients to refine or reimagine
their visual identities - logos, colors, typography, and usage guidelines. These
assets formed the backbone of websites, business cards, email templates, and
other digital and print collateral.

Even as development became the focus, design remained part of my toolkit. I
often provided UI mockups or helped clients explore brand directions in support
of broader web projects.

## Development and Engineering

As the development side of my business grew, so did the complexity of my
projects. I started with simple PHP websites, then gradually incorporated modern
frontend tools like Svelte and Astro. I built responsive, accessible websites
with performance and usability in mind, helping clients navigate everything from
domain setup to SSL configuration.

For a few clients with ongoing needs, I created lightweight internal tools and
reusable components to make site updates easier and more consistent. I
maintained hosting environments, handled domain renewals, managed backups, and
remained on-call for technical support - often under monthly retainers.

## Online Presence and Strategy

For many of my clients, digital strategy was unfamiliar territory. I offered
practical, hands-on support - setting up Google My Business, configuring
analytics, and explaining how SEO really worked (and what it couldn't do). I
helped clients publish blog content, manage listings, and keep their contact
info consistent across platforms.

While I never positioned myself as a digital marketer, I enjoyed helping clients
take the first few steps toward better visibility online, especially when paired
with a refreshed website or brand.
