---
title: Calvin Bonner Design LLC
date: 2019 - Present
---

import { Ascii } from '@components/ascii';

<Ascii name="cbd" color="mauve" spaced />

In October 2019, I founded Calvin Bonner Design, LLC, with the mission of
delivering high-quality branding and digital marketing solutions for small and
mid-sized businesses. Initially focused on refining visual brand
representations, the business has evolved in recent years to concentrate more on
website design and development. I collaborate with clients to create and enhance
their online presence, ensuring cohesive and compelling brand representation
across all digital platforms. My work now encompasses website development, brand
identity design, and digital marketing strategies tailored to meet each client's
unique needs. Through this venture, I have honed my skills in client relations,
project management, and creative direction, consistently delivering results that
enhance brand visibility and engagement.

## Development and Engineering

Created responsive websites using technologies like Svelte, Angular, and PHP,
focusing on modern design standards and ensuring cross-platform compatibility,
while collaborating with clients to realize their vision through interactive
visual media and user-friendly interfaces.

Developed and maintained component libraries and frameworks for scalable and
maintainable web applications, implemented best practices for performance
optimization including code reviews and CI/CD pipelines, supported
cross-framework compatibility, and provided ongoing technical support, managing
hosting solutions, domain registrations, and SSL certifications.

## Brand and Digital Design

Redesigned and rebuilt brands, including logos, color schemes, fonts, and brand
guidelines to reflect the company's mission and target audience, along with
creating visual materials such as business cards, digital marketing materials,
and physical marketing assets.

## Online Presence Management and Digital Marketing

Monitored and updated online profiles, including Google My Business, ensuring
accurate and current information, while managing tools like Google Search
Console and Bing Webmaster Tools for optimal indexing and search result
accuracy.

Provided consultations to review and enhance existing digital marketing plans,
focusing on increasing traffic and conversion rates, and conducted regular
analytics monitoring and SEO optimization to improve site visibility and
performance.
